[MUSIC PLAYING]
[BEEP]
>> Eagle, we got you now.
It's looking good.
Over.
>> Roger.
Copy.
>> Throughout this series,
we've seen that there are many
interesting people involved
in the genesis of our space
programs, both
acknowledged and secret.
In this episode,
we'll be looking
at one of the most enigmatic
characters in this saga,
a young man named Jack Parsons.
>> Jack Parsons was a brilliant
chemist and scientist who was
obsessed with space and getting
the human race into space.
He wanted to build rockets.
He was associated with
people like Robert Goddard.
He did some of
the first research
and very successful designs
of solid rocket motors.
Back in the 1930s, before
there was the formation
of anything like JPL or any
of the other organizations
that eventually
worked on rockets,
there was a big
debate whether you
would go with a
liquid-fueled rocket
or a solid-fueled rocket.
Now, solid-fueled rockets
had a lot of issues.
Jack Parsons is the
guy who figured out
how to make solid
rocket motors work.
>> Jack Parsons was a rocket
propulsion genius who was
instrumental, along with
Theodore Karman and a few other
people in founding the Jet
Propulsion Lab in Pasadena.
>> Jack Parsons was
the inventor of JATO.
And it's the jet-assisted
lifting engine
that we use on the
military airplanes.
And from there, he actually
formed and founded JPL.
And a lot of his inventions
are responsible for the Apollo
mission's success in the 1950s.
>> He mixed together the
solid rocket fuel with asphalt
and created the current
cylinder-burning,
solid rocket motors
that we have today.
>> And he helped his colleagues,
known as the Suicide Squad.
Because they're always
blowing stuff up.
He helps his colleagues
form Aerojet Corporation.
I mean, this guy was absolutely
brilliant and considered
the most brilliant
of all the rocketeers
by his mentor,
Theodore von Karman.
Theodore von Karman
was the first guy
to win the National
Science Award awarded
by President Kennedy.
Karman was a very influential
person in American science
in general, but
specifically in aviation
technology, in
rocketry and missiles,
and all that sort of stuff and
was also consulted frequently
by the Air Force on
the subject of UFOs.
And Von Karman
believed that he was
a descendant of Rabbi Loew
of Prague, the guy who
created the Golem, the very
first sort of Frankenstein's
monster.
So we have this
strange constellation
of very eccentric people
who are also very brilliant.
>> Now, the dark side of
Jack Parsons that most people
don't know about is that
he was also an occultist.
He was very, very
closely associated
with Aleister Crowley.
In fact, at one time, he
was the number two man
in the Ordo Templi
Orientis, which
was Crowley's organization
here in the United States.
>> One of Parsons' buddies
was a fellow by the name of L.
Ron Hubbard who accompanied
Parsons during some of these
rituals that Parsons
said were a success.
And Hubbard was there.
Hubbard, a few years later,
supposedly on a $5 bar bet,
creates the religion
of Scientology.
>> I mean, we have a lot
of eccentric people here,
conducting magical
rituals one day,
hobnobbing with science
fiction writers another day,
and going back to work
for the space program.
>> The Scientologists, for
their part in it, say that L.
Ron Hubbard was actually
working for the Office of Naval
Intelligence, that he went
to the mansion in Pasadena
to infiltrate this cult
of black magic worshipers,
and that his purpose was to
create chaos, disruption,
and break it up.
Now, I've been to
the site offices
of the Church of Scientology.
I've been shown documents.
I've been given
these documents that
indicate that I think it's very
likely that Hubbard was still
attached to the Office
of Naval Intelligence
when he was operating at
Jack Parsons' mansion.
And I think when you
look at it, there's
absolutely no question
about the fact
that he did disrupt
the operations.
He did expose a lot of these
scientists as occultists.
And in the end, he blew
the whole thing up,
because the OTO fell apart
after Hubbard and Parsons had
their feud.
So if he was, in fact, working
for the Office of Naval
Intelligence, he certainly
accomplished his task.
And there are various
different documents
that show at the time, he was
actually at Parsons' mansion.
According to the
official documents,
he was in a hospital
in San Francisco
where he actually never was.
>> While Jack Parsons' genius
was undeniably valued in his
professional life, it was his
eccentric and turbid personal
life that, in the
end, proved fatal.
>> He lost his
security clearances,
because of all the weird
stuff he was involved in.
Basically, the US
government decided
that even though he was
a brilliant scientist,
he was an unreliable character.
And they kicked him out of
high-level rocketry research.
So what he began to
do is began to work
for other countries and
other governments that wanted
to develop rocket capabilities.
>> And Parsons has already
gotten a job offer from
the Israeli government.
The Israelis want him to develop
rocket technology for them.
Now, Israel was not an
enemy of the United States,
so it wasn't a treasonous thing.
But they came up
with some charge.
They dropped the
charges against him,
but they still took his
security clearance away.
That arrangement with Israel was
started by Theodore von Karman.
Once again, our very
helpful, annoyingly helpful.
Theodore von Karman is the
guy who puts Parsons together
with the Israelis.
He goes into his lab, which was
his house there in Pasadena.
And according to the
story, he dropped
a vial of fulminate of mercury,
which is extremely volatile.
He drops it and boom.
The whole place goes up.
And there's more
explosives in the lab.
The thing becomes a
fireball and the end
of Jack Parsons who actually
survived it for a few minutes,
but didn't make it
to the hospital.
>> I mean, they blew him up.
I mean, you can't
write this stuff.
>> There are a couple
of possibilities with
Parsons' death.
Some people say that
he was assassinated.
Because they say
it's very unlikely
he would have been careless
with a beaker of fuel
and set himself on fire.
And certainly, he'd
been doing experiments
at that point for
more than 20 years.
He'd never had any kind
of a major accident.
So it's very unlikely
that he made a mistake
and burned himself to death.
So the alternative
is that they didn't
want him working
with the Israelis,
or that somebody in the
high levels of government
thought he was a threat
to US national security
and wanted to wipe them out.
So they started the fire.
It killed him, along with the
garage and all the material
he had there.
But the other possibility
that's been raised
is that his death
was actually faked.
Because nobody really
knows where his body is.
Nobody is really sure
where he's buried.
Nobody has ever done
a post-mortem on him
to determine that this is, in
fact, the body of Jack Parsons.
In fact, as far as I know,
there was no identification
of the body, other than, well,
who else would be in here
and burn to death in
Jack Parsons' laboratory?
>> It's quite possible that
Jack Parsons was assassinated.
Because it's really
hard to believe
that a man of his
intelligence who had already
been very familiar with the
different types of chemicals
and experiments can
be in his own garage,
working on a hobby and then
all of a sudden, explode.
It just doesn't make any sense.
Another option could be that
he actually faked his death.
I mean, the guy was
very, very brilliant.
So there is another possibility.
A question mark you
always have to think
about was, did he fake his death
and was taken into the space
program, where he can actually
help the Secret Space Program
progress with
further technologies
that he was working on,
maybe in black operations?
>> Nobody wanted Jack Parsons
who had genius stuff going
on in his brain, who knew how
to build rockets better than
anybody else in the world.
Nobody wanted him to
leave the country.
He was a walking security risk.
He just knew too much.
So it's possible that he
was eliminated right then
and there.
>> So I think there was
definitely an intelligence game
that was being
played on Parsons.
And they were trying to find
out not just about Parsons,
but who else was
involved at JPL and who
else was involved at various
defense contractors that
were working on classified
programs that may have
been involved in this cult?
Because, remember,
at that time we
were just coming off
of the UFO sightings.
We had the Roswell crash.
We had the Kenneth
Arnold incident.
And then there was
the whole period
where we got buzzed
in the capital
by either the
Germans or the ETs.
Nobody really knows for sure.
And they were
beginning to develop
this anti-gravity technology.
Now, it's logical that the
same brilliant minds that
worked on the
chemical rockets would
work on the next step in the
technological chain, which
would be an anti-gravity device,
so an anti-gravity flying
saucer, maybe something based
along the German Haunebu
or something that was
developed completely different,
having to do with reverse
engineered ET technology
or based on some of T.
Townsend Brown designs.
So when I look at
this pattern, I
see that they
would have probably
tried to weed out the bad
apples before they cleared them
to work on these super
secret, super highly
advanced technologies.
Because chemical
rockets are one thing.
But if you have
flying saucers that
are based on
anti-gravity effects,
have force field capabilities,
inertial dampening fields
and probably don't operate
on gasoline or oil,
that's world-changing
technology.
And you can't have
that kind of stuff
getting into the wrong hands.
You have capabilities
there of creating weapons
that could destroy worlds.
>> This is going on under the
ages of the military-industrial
complex.
These are all programs
that were approved and paid
for by our government, by
the military, until finally,
at least the '50s, we're talking
about Von Karman and Parsons,
and all those people.
Parsons loses his
security clearance.
Another member of
the Suicide Squad,
Frank Malina, his close friend,
loses his security clearance.
Their co-worker, HS Tien, the
brilliant Chinese engineer,
accused completely unfairly
of being a communist,
loses his security clearance.
Everybody who helped develop our
space program from California,
the people who invented the
Jet Propulsion Laboratory, who
founded it, all lost
their security clearances,
never worked again.
But they were replaced by
the Paperclip scientists.
So now, we're bringing
in Wernher von Braun.
We're bringing in Hermann
Oberth, on and on and on.
We're bringing in all
these Nazi scientists,
people who were
our enemies, people
that we know should never have
a security clearance, people who
fought against us
in World War II,
developed the weapons of mass
destruction that Hitler used.
We got those guys and brought
them to the United States.
And we fired the guys who
helped our space program,
claiming they were lefty.
Doesn't matter.
They're out of here.
They're just too eccentric.
>> Not only did NASA have
some early pioneers who were
interested in the occult, but
we've also seen that the very
origins of NASA itself have
a large German component via
Operation Paperclip.
That leaves this question
begging for an answer.
What is NASA?
>> Well, personally, I think
NASA was a front that was
created to basically sideline
many scientists, engineers,
the general public from the
possibilities of anti-gravity.
If you look at the 1950s, which
is the critical phase in terms
of the study of
anti-gravity, you
see that there were
a number of journals,
especially in Britain, that
released peer-reviewed papers.
Anti-gravity was being
studied in aviation journals.
You had a number of companies.
We know the Douglas
Aircraft Company
was doing extensive
studies on anti-gravity.
And these were showing
that it was feasible,
and that this was
something that could
be used for generating aerospace
vehicles, flying saucers.
So then what happens
is you have NASA
being formed at the end of
the Eisenhower administration.
And NASA basically is
focused on space exploration
using conventional
rocket propulsion.
And some of the
chief NASA scientists
leading these projects were
Project Paperclip personnel.
These were former Nazis, like,
for example, Wernher von Braun.
He was the head of the Redstone
Army Arsenal of a missile
technology.
And when NASA was formed, he
was instantly transferred over
to being the director of the
Marshall Space Flight Center
out of Huntsville, Alabama.
You had Kurt Debus, another
Nazi scientist, the former SS
officer being the head of the
space program out of NASA,
Florida's center there--
Kennedy Space Center.
The whole NASA program
was a misdirection
from the feasibility
of anti-gravity,
which was being secretly
studied in black projects
by companies such as
Douglas, and Northrop
Grumman, and Lockheed, and
others for the military,
for the Army, US Air
Force, for the US Navy,
that were all trying to get
these companies to build
anti-gravity vehicles
for them, but were not
going to be released to the
public for national security
reasons and because of the
power of the oil lobby.
>> In January 27, 1967, NASA
astronauts Virgil Grissom,
Edward White, and Roger Chaffee
were performing a launch
simulation when a fire
broke out in their module.
This incident and the
ensuing investigation
would be one of
the many, proving
the space agency deserved
its frequently used moniker
in the truth community--
Never A Straight Answer.
>> In Apollo 1, Gus
Grissom, Ed White,
and Roger Chaffee were actually
going to do a full-on test
of the Apollo 1 capsule.
They actually went
up into the capsule.
And while they were in there,
they were locked and sealed in.
Within a few minutes,
all of a sudden,
unexpectedly, they
lost communication
with the command center.
Now, this is very
bizarre, because there's
three forms of communication.
And all three went out.
So you can imagine
the horror probably
on these guys' faces when they
realized they couldn't get
any communication whatsoever.
And they were locked
in the capsule.
>> The Apollo on fire is
still a mystery to this day.
There were issues with
the Apollo design.
The astronauts had complained
about a lot of stuff.
They complained that they were
testing in a 100% pure oxygen
environment, which is
very, very flammable.
There was way too much Velcro
on items on the spacecraft that
could have burned.
And lo and behold, when
they did this high pressure
test on Apollo 1, there was
some sort of spark which
to this day, nobody
really knows what sparked,
which caused a fire that
burned very, very quickly
and killed the
astronauts, burned them
to death, suffocated
them in the smoke
and in just minutes,
before they could even
get the hatch back open.
>> Now, before that happened,
Gus Grissom was noted as saying
that someone is going to die.
And he was being very critical
of the NASA space program.
>> But what's interesting about
the Apollo on fire is that it
happened at a time when there's
certain stellar alignments
right above the landing
site, which have been shown
repeatedly to be an homage to
the ancient Egyptian gods like
Isis and Osiris.
In this case, it
was Orion's Belt,
33 degrees above the
launch pad at the time.
And on board was Gus Grissom.
Gus Grissom was supposed
to be the first man
to walk on the moon,
not Neil Armstrong.
He was one of the original
Mercury 7 astronauts.
And he had made a lot of
complaints about the fact
that as far as he
was concerned, he
was just Spam in a can in
his crappy Apollo program.
And he knew very well
that we had already
been to the moon and Mars.
And he told people this, that we
have much more highly advanced
spacecraft that have traveled to
the moon and traveled to Mars.
And we're just basically
crash test dummies.
And he had lamented that.
He criticized NASA.
And it seems to be a
convenient coincidence
that a guy that had a
reputation as a maverick,
as a free thinker, as a guy who
would say what was on his mind
and didn't have a great filter
was one of the three men
who was killed that day.
And in fact, it got so bad.
He was complaining
so much about what
was wrong with the
spacecraft that he actually
hung a lemon on the Apollo
and capsule at one point.
>> Thomas Baron was a
safety inspector in NASA.
He was only there for
about 16 months total.
And he's viewed as one of
the early whistleblower-type
of people.
He was extremely
compulsive, I think
is a safe word, about reporting
every single detail of anything
that was wrong inside NASA with
regard to safety, with regard
to attitudes, with regard
to employment policies.
He wrote this big 50-page
report about this.
And he sent the
report in officially.
And it was suppressed.
And he got really
upset about this.
And so he leaked a
copy of this report
to a journalist who
then publicized it.
And because of the reaction
on the part of NASA
turning in this ad hominem
attack against him,
criticizing him, and trying
to counter the arguments
he was making, many
of which were valid,
what made this so important
is that his report preceded
this terrible, tragic fire.
And so people began to
put the two together
that maybe if
people had listened
to all of his complaints,
this terrible tragedy wouldn't
have happened.
>> That there were many, many
inefficiencies in the design
and the manufacture
of the Apollo 1 craft,
that there were many
mistakes that had been made.
There were all kinds
of problems with it
that weren't being addressed.
And then when people went
up the chain of command
and said, hey, this thing
is not going to work,
it's not going to fly,
it's got major issues,
they were told basically to
shut up and do their job.
Just a day or two after he
testified before Congress
and gave this very,
very critical testimony,
it turns out he gets killed,
along with his entire family
in a train collision
with his car.
>> I believe he got hit, driving
across a train crossing and was
hit by the train.
I've never been asked
to investigate it.
I've never been brought in with
any of my team to look at that.
We have capacities to do
investigations like that.
>> It just seems
really convenient.
Because that line of criticism
basically was quashed from that
point forward.
>> Even though he had already
went on several space flights
and was a national hero.
So there's definitely
something going on there
behind the scenes.
Because even Gus Grissom's
family, for many, many years
after, had contacted
NASA and really wanted
to get answers as to
exactly what happened.
And they never did.
They never got clarification,
never got closure.
And the actual capsule
itself is still
sitting in a military
bunker somewhere sealed off.
And nobody can get access to it.
>> Why were so many red flags
in this mission ignored?
And is it possible
that this was much more
than a simple accident?
What was NASA trying to hide?
>> Well, when people ask about
this agency or that agency
suppressing information, the
first thing to talk about is
to understand that NASA in the
rank and file isn't suppressing
anything, nor is,
for that matter,
the Department of Defense.
But you have to begin to
ask the question-- are there
compartmented operations within
various agencies, some of which
work together and some
don't, that have information
they're suppressing?
The answer to that is yes.
No question about it.
And NASA has had--
we landed on the moon.
There was footage filmed of
what Neil Armstrong and Buzz
Aldrin saw.
And I know this for a fact.
I know members of their
family personally who
they said have related
this, that there
were UFOs on the crater all
around where we set down,
which is why some of the
film footage that people saw
was actually fake.
I deal with facts, not opinions.
The nature of compartmented
intelligence--
and it doesn't matter what
agency you're talking about--
is that people make these
sweeping generalizations.
The government is hiding
information about UFOs.
Well, I can tell
you from briefings
I've had with senators, and
generals, and senior officials
in every administration
since 1993,
that most people
in the government
don't know anything
about this subject.
And it's so highly
compartmented.
I saw a chart not long ago that
had the President in the United
States at about level 21.
And this issue is around 38 to
40, dealing with the UFO issue.
In other words, beyond what
the president would normally
be read in on.
And there are
highly compartmented
and illegal projects
going on that
are not being overseen
constitutionally and legally,
and that this is a threat
to the national security
and to world security.
And so at NASA, certainly
there are some people--
read into this.
And I'll give you
a good example.
Back in the late '90s,
there was a woman
who was one of the five
directors of NASA in divisions.
And hers was the mission
to "planet Earth" doing
satellite imaging of
the climate change
and all this sort of thing.
And she was very interested
in what we were working on.
Because I had connected
the dot between UFO secrecy
and the suppression of
the energy technologies
that would get us off fossil
fuels and nuclear power,
et cetera.
So she actually
brought this issue up
to Dan Goldin, the
director of NASA.
But he had been on the
board of and director
of Science Applications
International
Corporation, which is one of
the crown jewels of contracting
for the secret government
programs dealing with UFOs.
They were flying on the private
jet of the director of NASA.
And Dan Goldin looked at her,
was looking down at the city
below and said the
masses are asses.
They don't know anything.
And they don't need
to know anything,
clearly indicating he did
and shut her down, wouldn't
talk about it.
And so I give this just
as one example of here
is someone, an incredibly
highly ranking person in NASA,
open minded and interested
in the subject, who could
find nothing through channels.
We did the briefing for her.
And then she asked
the director of NASA.
And he just basically says no
one needs to know about this.
Be quiet.
And so people have
to understand that.
That is how the system
is set up and many times
being run completely
illegally, where
the oversight committees
in the Congress
or the president-- and this
is true in Great Britain
and Australia as
well and Canada.
They'll make a directed
inquiry into this subject
and will be told nothing or
will be told, we won't tell you.
>> I follow NASA very closely.
I'm getting their
feeds in various ways.
NASA tells you things
without telling you things.
If you don't pay
attention to NASA,
you're going to think
that NASA is hiding a lot,
but they're not, actually.
They're talking about it.
And these days, they're
bringing their cameras
in all over the place into
the desert installations
and everything else.
They're openly
discussing things,
discussing aircraft they
developed 20, 30 years ago
that are still operational,
discussing weird cameras
they invented, which from
space can identify something
as small as a foot long.
And they've had
this for a while.
We think in terms of
this as modern stuff.
They've had this for decades.
They're bragging about it.
They're boasting of it.
So can we trust NASA?
I don't know if trust
is the right word.
We have to keep an eye on them.
They haven't seemed
to be hiding anything,
but that may be we're not
asking the right questions.
There was a point when we
were having a discussion
with somebody high up
in the US government,
who said part of the
problem with disclosure
and the whole
hullabaloo around it
is that people are not
asking the right questions.
They're not asking
the right questions,
because they kind of think
they already know the answers.
And that is causing a
problem, because they
can't answer those questions.
But if you learn to ask
the right questions,
you might get answers
that will surprise you.
And I think we have to
take a different approach
to NASA and to the
military-industrial complex.
And that is to take a less
adversarial position regarding
the government.
We have an adversarial
position, and I understand why.
Especially the UFO
community really
understands why they
should be adversarial.
There's been a lot of nonsense
and a lot of deliberate
lying by the government
and disinformation agents.
The DOD Bennewitz case
is famous for this.
And that's the ultimate example
of people screwing with you
from the government.
Why?
There's no reason
that we can see why
they would go to that extent.
You don't want to tell us?
Don't tell us.
You want to say it's classified?
It's classified.
You want to say, I
don't have a clue?
Say, I don't have a clue,
but don't screw with us.
Don't say, we're going to show
you maybe something that you
should-- no, maybe not.
Now, we have a video.
Maybe not.
We have these documents.
You can look at them now,
but you can't see them later.
This kind of stuff--
what does it accomplish?
Right?
So we know they've screwed
with us, but a lot of that
was Cold War era
doing, not all of it.
And they had a lot
of nuclear weapons.
So I can understand the
nervousness and maybe
the disinformation
from the government
where this is concerned.
We have to believe
that they have our best
interests at heart at least
in terms of physical security.
Mental security-- not so much.
And there's a lot of very
decent, very hardworking,
very well-intentioned people
working in the military
and in intelligence
agencies, obviously.
So that aside, we're now
living in a different era.
This is no longer the Cold War.
Yes, we still have enemies.
Yes, Russia may
still be a problem.
China may be a problem,
and so on, and so forth.
But when it comes
to the phenomenon,
stop screwing with us.
We have to take a less
adversarial relationship,
because we've not been getting
any flies with vinegar.
Maybe there's a honey
approach we can use.
Let's talk to them nicely.
What about this?
Ask about something specific.
Ask the right questions, see
what kind of an answer you get.
Find the right people
to ask as well.
Don't think that there's one
big box of UFO secrets buried
somewhere, and there's 10
guys standing around it
with their arms closed, and
that they have the secrets.
Sometimes if it's
compartmented, it
could be scattered throughout
the entire military-industrial
complex.
So there could be a
situation where people
have a piece of the puzzle.
They don't have all of it,
because it's on need to know.
Don't talk to them
about aliens up front.
Be careful about that.
But talk to them about
what really happened
with this crash or that crash.
Work your way into it, do it
gently, and see what you get.
Because we've been surprised.
I've been surprised at
sometimes the responses you get
and the guidance and, well,
did you think about this?
And then they walk away without
actually saying anything.
But it gets you
going in a direction.
And sometimes you uncover things
that you didn't expect to find.
And I think that the
adversarial position
we've taken all this time hasn't
really resulted in very much.
So like I always say to them,
how's that working out for you?
It's not working.
So let's try a different way.
>> In December 1960, a NASA
commissioned report was
released to the public
called the Brookings Report,
because it was researched
and authored by the Brookings
Institution.
The Brookings Report
asked the big question--
what would happen to our
planet, our beliefs, and our way
of life if NASA discovered
extraterrestrial life or even
just extraterrestrial artifacts?
Their answer may surprise you.
>> Brookings Report was
right next door to our office
at the Jesuit national
headquarters in Washington, DC,
that in 1960, they were asked
to do a confidential report
to determine what effect the
discovery of extraterrestrial
intelligence, highly
technologically developed
intelligence would have on
the American people in global
politics and the
economy, et cetera.
And the Brookings Institution,
just barely left of center,
liberal organization
actually came up
with the fundamental
conclusion that it
would be probably
better to keep it secret
if we were to discover that
there was such a civilization.
Because it would be too
disruptive to the United
States, and that it would
disequilibrium in the economy.
It would destabilize
the political order.
And they went on
and on about that.
>> One of the most important
things about the Brookings
Report written in the 1960s
is the section that says
the implications of the
existence of extraterrestrial
life.
And in this particular
part of the report,
it states that if the
general population were
to actually find out about
extraterrestrial life,
it could break down the economy.
It could put people
into a panic.
And it could destroy
the control system
that's already been in
place by many governments
around the world.
>> Well, the Brookings
Report was something that was
commissioned with the Brookings
Institute playing this role
of generating the report and
then releasing it to NASA
and to the US Congress.
And so the Brookings
Report really
identified a number
of things that
were critical in
terms of understanding
the impact of any discovery
of extraterrestrial life.
There were some scenarios that
suggested that while this could
be a repeat of what
happened with the conquest
of the Americas, where you could
understand the impact of a more
technologically
developed society
upon a less technologically
developed society, culminated
in the disintegration of
many American societies
during the Spanish conquest.
So it was hypothesized that the
extraterrestrials could view us
similarly as a less
technologically
developed society and
basically come in and impose
their own value systems.
And that would be
a direct threat
to the sovereignty
of the United States.
So that was a major concern.
They identified a
number of things
that would be important in
this kind of announcement.
And the one that I found
most intriguing was
that of the groups that would
be most likely to be severely
impacted by disclosure
of the existence
of extraterrestrial life was
the scientific community.
Because many of these
scientists really
embrace a number
of scientific laws
as being foundational for
life not only on Earth,
but possible life throughout
the universe, and that
these were universal laws.
And to have
extraterrestrials sharing
more advanced principles
of physics, life sciences,
that this would
be something that
would be tremendously
damaging to the morale
of many scientists.
And so that was the community
that the Brookings Report
identified as most likely to
suffer the most severe impact
of this kind of announcement.
And so you have the scenario
of many scientists entering
into some kind of
mental depression.
Because all of a
sudden, I find out
that the cherished
laws of physics
are not inviolable as they
had thought previously.
>> There's no doubt that NASA is
going to be subject to the same
type of military
secrecy that obtains--
in all other programs the
United States government has.
And there are numerous incidents
of video cameras in NASA
missions picking
up visual evidence
of potential other
beings and craft around.
For example, "UFOs and the
National Security State,"
that Richard Dolan has
shown the documented
evidence that the United
States military was
under clear instructions
to suppress and conceal
any information
that would indicate
that there was an
extraterrestrial civilization.
And so that type of secrecy
would spill over into NASA.
And there's no doubt,
therefore, that they
have concealed any
data of that kind
they would have come
into contact with.
>> 5, 4, 3, 2, 1.
Take-off!
>> NASA can be trusted to do
what it was created to do.
In fact, the problem with the
lack of trust and the part
of the American
people in NASA is
that NASA was sold as this very
romantic space exploration--
"Star Trek."
You reach out where no
man has gone before,
and explore space, and engaged
a very real level of enthusiasm
on the part of the
American people.
But in fact, behind
the scenes, it
was really designed to be
a military program that
was established to
try to establish
US military hegemony
in the high frontier
to take control of a high space,
and get our satellites up,
and be able to engage in a
special additional dimension
of warfare.
Now, fortunately,
they've refrained
from laying claim to the moon
or trying to lay claim to Mars.
Fortunately, the
romantic aspect of NASA
has had a tempering effect
upon the military objectives
that it's had.
And so there's this existential
process that is going on,
of trying to determine
which of these elements
is going to ultimately lay
claim to NASA in the future.
I'm hoping and I
always have hoped ever
since I wanted to be an
astronaut when I was back
in high school, that the
more romantic and peaceful
objectives of NASA can
rise to the ascendancy.
That's what I'm hoping, that I
can play some role in helping
that happen.
>> As we have seen, many of
NASA's official narratives were
quite dubious.
And it's not surprising
that the space agency
is subject to such intense
scrutiny from the UFO
community.
[MUSIC PLAYING]